Move js-specific URL parser tests into their own file (#47143)
web-platform-tests/wpt: url/README.md

## urltestdata.json / urltestdata-javascript-only.json

`resources/urltestdata.json` contains URL parsing tests suitable for any URL parser implementation.

> `resources/urltestdata-javascript-only.json` contains URL parsing tests specifically meant 
> for javascripts `new URL()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`resources/urltestdata-javascript-only.json` contains URL parsing tests specifically meant 
for JavaScript's `URL()` class as well as other languages accepting non-scalar-value strings.
```
